Add docs about extending the Airflow helm chart (#36331)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/helm-chart/extending-the-chart.rst

depends on the Airflow chart.
When you'll install your custom chart, the Airflow chart will also be installed.

You can extend the official Airflow chart by applying the following steps.

Create your custom Chart
'''''''''''''''''''''''''

First, you will need to create you own chart directory. You can do it by running the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm create my-custom-chart

This command will create a directory called ``my-custom-chart`` with the following structure:

.. code-block::

    my-custom-chart/
    ├── .helmignore
    ├── Chart.yaml
    ├── values.yaml
    ├── charts/
    └── templates/
        └── tests/

Add Airflow chart as dependency
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Second, you will need to add the Airflow chart as dependency to your chart.
This will give you the ability to add your custom templates without the need to modify the Airflow chart itself.
In order to add the Airflow chart as a dependency (often called ``subcharts``) to your chart,
add the following lines to your ``Chart.yaml`` file:

.. code-block::

    dependencies:
      - name: airflow
        version: 1.11.0
        repository: https://airflow.apache.org

.. note::

>     Make sure you already added the Airflow repo locally by running: ``helm repo add apache-airflow https://airflow.apache.org``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure you have already added the Airflow repo locally by running: ``helm repo add apache-airflow https://airflow.apache.org``.
```

Author: fixed

.. tip::

>     You can also use the name of the repo instead the URL by replacing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also use the name of the repo instead of the URL by replacing
```

Author: fixed

    ``https://airflow.apache.org`` with ``"@apache-airflow"``.

> Adding the Airflow chart as a dependency means that it will be deploy together with your custom chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the Airflow chart as a dependency means that it will be deployed together with your custom chart.
```

Author: fixed

> You can disable the installation of the Airflow by adding the ``condition`` field to the ``dependencies`` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable the installation of Airflow by adding the ``condition`` field to the ``dependencies`` section.
```

Author: fixed

For example:

.. code-block::

    dependencies:
      - name: airflow
        version: 1.11.0
        repository: https://airflow.apache.org
        condition: airflow.enabled

This will check if the value of ``airflow.enabled`` inside your ``values.yaml`` is ``true``.
If it is, the Airflow chart will be deployed together with your custom chart.
Otherwise, only your templates will be deployed.

Download the Airflow Chart
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> Third, after you specified the Airflow chart inside the ``dependencies`` section in ``Chart.yaml`` file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third, after you have specified the Airflow chart inside the ``dependencies`` section in ``Chart.yaml`` file,
```

Author: fixed

you can download the Airflow chart by running the following command:

.. code-block::

    helm dependency build

.. note::

    Make sure you are inside the directory which contains the ``Chart.yaml`` file.

The chart will be downloaded and saved inside the ``charts/`` directory.

Overriding default values
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

When you add a chart as a subchart to your chart,
you have the ability to override the default values of the subchart in your ``values.yaml``.
This is useful when your chart needs a specific configuration for your custom chart.

> E.g. if you want that the Airflow chart will only be installed with the ``KubernetesExecutor``.
> You can do that by adding the following section to your ``values.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. if you want that the Airflow chart be installed with the ``KubernetesExecutor``,
you can do it by adding the following section to your ``values.yaml``:
```

Author: fixed
